Revisit choreo-connect log configuration docs (#5357)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configuration-overview.md

| **File name**            | **Description**                                                                                              | **Directory (File path)**                                              |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `config.toml`            | This file defines all the adapter, enforcer, router, security, control plane and analytics configurations.   | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

> | `log_config.toml`        | This file defines the logging configurations for adapter and router.                                              | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

Reviewer: adapter and router ---> Adapter and Router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `log_config.toml`        | This file defines the logging configurations for Adapter and Router.                                              | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |
```

> | `log4j2.properties`      | This file governs how logging is performed by the server.                                                    | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `log4j2.properties`      | This file defines the logging configurations for Enforcer.                                                    | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |
```

| **File name**            | **Description**                                                                                              | **Directory (File path)**                                              |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `config.toml`            | This file defines all the adapter, enforcer, router, security, control plane and analytics configurations.   | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

> | `log_config.toml`        | This file defines the logging configurations for Adapter and Router.                                              | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `log_config.toml`        | This file defines the logging configurations for the Adapter and Router.                                              | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |
```

> | `log4j2.properties`      | This file defines the logging configurations for Enforcer.                                                    | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `log4j2.properties`      | This file defines the logging configurations for the Enforcer.                                                    | `<CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME>/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` |
```
